This file briefly describes the overall structure of the directory
hierarchy containing the sources and headers implementing the IOStream
and locale library of the standard C++ library.

- doc
  I hope that this directory will not stay empty like it is currently:
  eventually it should contain a whole documentation suite for the locales
  and IOStreams library. However, currently it is empty but I hope to find
  the time to create documentation.

- examples
  Like the doc directory this directory has good chances to end up basically
  unused... However, I already have some examples available which merely
  need to be updated to compile with the stuff and which can then be placed
  into this directory.

- extensions
  This directory is intended for extension which are non-standard. For
  example I'm planning to make something like a POSIX streambuf available
  which is mainly identical to the basic_filebuf except that it includes
  additional functionality which is not required by the standard (eg. access
  to the file descriptor).

- include
  All files considered to be header files. This partially includes sources
  due to the fact that the separation model is not completely supported.
  However, at least for locales and IOStreams the implementation of the
  stuff is not included automatically but factored into special
  implementation header files. These are then included into a file used
  for an explicit instantiation of a template.

  - .
    This directory mainly stores the forwarding headers, ie. those funny
    headers without an extension. It is also root of the other directories
    which store the headers with the actual implementation.
    In this directory are also the headers which include the implementation
    files. These are included to generate explicit instantiations of the
    standard template classes. These headers include macros which can be
    used to faciliate instantation of a whole bunch of classes.

  - cxxrt
    This directory stores all headers which declare the standard classes
    implemented here. This separation is choosen to avoid littering the
    directory first searched by users with lots of auxiliary files.

  - srccxx
    The files in this directory are the actual implementation of the
    template classes. These files are used firstly to generate the required
    instantations of the IOStream classes and the locale facets. However,
    they are also used for explicit instantations made by users. The
    explicit instantiations are not necessary if the compiler supports the
    separation model. In this case the source files should be made aware
    to the compiler and instantiations should be made automatically by the
    compiler. However, I haven't heard of any compiler supporting this
    feature yet...

- src
  This directory includes all sources. This are basically the
  instantiations of the required locale facets and IOStreams classes plus,
  of course, all non-template code.

- testsuite
  This directory hierarchy contains the whole testsuite used during the
  development of this library. The test driver used is dejagnu. Thus,
  the directory testsuite contains subdirectories starting with the name
  of the component (cxxrt) followed by some suffix. The suffix gives
  a brief indication what is tested by the files in this directory or
  by whom
  the directory and the files therein was created.
